hi reg Alice ena thredbo with the snow
forecast on Mountain watch.com
we're approaching the middle of
September and the snow quality
absolutely excellent across the
Australia sorts last weekend we had
beautiful spring snow because we got
those hour falls on Friday afternoon
around that 10 to 20 centimetres falling
across the Australian resorts and that
to us out things nicely for the weekend
where we had plenty of sunshine and
beautiful spring skiing conditions our
cold front came through on Sunday night
as that high pressure system drifts its
way out to the Tasman Sea with that cold
front we saw the wind change around of
the west-southwest
and that Wesley weaned we saw some snow
showers above 1500 meters on Sunday
night that topped up the cover nicely
and it's been added to by some nice wind
blown snow the bluff area here in
thredbo this morning absolutely
sensational for those first couple of
hours this beautiful light dry powder
everywhere now in the next few days this
air stream is going to maintain out of
the west-southwest keeping temperatures
quite cold at night well below zero and
in the middle to the late of the week
we'll see the maximum temperatures
around the top of the mountains stay
below zero as well now that means the
snowpack will stay nice and solid
overnight it'll be firm in the morning
softening by mid to late morning for the
perfect spring screen conditions but
with snow showers forecast as well we'll
see little top ups overnight and during
the day Monday Tuesday those snow
flurries will continue off and on mixing
with sunshine and the wind will ease off
a little bit on a Tuesday and we should
see more sunshine on Tuesday afternoon
now Wednesday the wind picks up again as
a vigorous west southwest air flow comes
through that's going to see the snow
showers increase could sleep or
visibility at times around the top areas
but all and all the snow will be
absolutely sensational at this stage
this spring shaving up very nicely
there's some great deals going on across
all the resorts with the cheap tickets
and summer you know stay one night free
packages around definitely worth
checking out this has been regulars in
thredbo with a snow forecast on mountain
watch calm